Q: What problem this product helps to solve?
A: Increasing enjoyment when dining in restaurant
   1. Find cuisines that users would be more likely to like.
   2. Improve the quality of service provided by restaurants.  (This will be done later)

Q: What are our targeting customers?
A: Every person dining in restaurant. (Restaurants are not our targeting customers, however, we do generate revenues by charging monthly subscription fee from restaurants. 
The reason to justify this is that users do not care about restaurants as much as restaurants care about users. Restaurants will go after users not vice versa). 

Q: How to solve problem of helping find cuisines that users would be more likely to like?
A: 
    1. Users need to know what they should expect by looking at the menu, and pictures are more straightforward than descriptions. 
    2. Users need to know which cuisines are more popular than the others and what their fridends like more (The latter one will be done later)
    3. Users need to know which cuisines they are more likely to like given consideration of their own preference.  (This will be done later)

Q: What challenges we are facing at early stage:
A: 
    1. How to scale is the foremost hurdle that we have to overcome. 
    2. Convincing restaurants to allow us to take pictures is the second issues.
    3. All other challenges are minor.

Q: How to solve these challenges:
A: The key of solving these challenges are getting new users and engaging existing users.
    1. We start with restaurants with a better food quality and ones caring about how the food looks like. Meanwhile, they should not be too expensive as well. 
       (Restaurants with 2-3 pricing stars on yelps seems to be a good fit, and those users are more likely to have an iphone). 
       We provide free photography service for these early adopters and using our app for the first year would be free and they can opt out anytime they want. 
    2. Put our QR on the table and reduce the cost of using our application as much as possible. We are not aiming 20%-30% percent of users dining at these restaurants. 
       We are aiming all users having iphones (This is not very likely, still, it is our goal). We really could not afford lose 50% or more of them.        
    3. We have to guide users to restaurants that we provide pictures. This will hide our scalability problem to some extent and buy us time to scale up. 
       The good news about this is that users really do not have to choose restaurants among thousands. 
       The way we achieve this is by allowing users to browse popular cuisines with pictures. Since the users can see the pictures so that they know what they can expect, 
       and as a result, they do not fully rely on how many likes on this cuisine. 
       (Both pictures and likes are reference to help the users to figure out how likely they will like the food, and they help each other for that purpose) 
    4. If we can guide users to restaurants that we provide pictures, it would be easier for us to later convince more restaurants to allow us to take pictures. 
       Meanwhile, restaurants will notice our application and even come to us to provide their pictures.
       Since restaurants will go after users, once we have more users, we will have more restaurants coming in. 

