We are a start-up company and we are currently, actually, almost finish developing a mobile app. I wanna start off by
briefly talking about what problems we are trying to solve and how we solve the problem, and then mostly important why
it matters to your restaurant and how it can bring more customers for your restaurant, and last but not least what we
are offering at the moment, something absolutely free!

The problem we are trying to solve is helping your customers to figure out what dishes they are more likely to like.
People use Yelp! to choose the restaurant, however, it is still hard for them to figure out which dishes to order,
right? To solve that problem, it is really just two parts. First, customers need to have a better idea of what each dish
on the menu actually is, not just by name and ingredients, but also pictures. Because names are all the same, but how it
looks like partially reflects the food quality of your restaurant. After your customers knowing what the dish is, the
second thing they want to know is how popular the dish is, how many people like it. That is the positive review, the
only kind of reviews, we actually provide. So, this is the basic idea of the mobile app. Forgive my english, and hopeful
I explain it clear! 

Now, most importantly, why it matters with your restaurant. 
First of all, why people, or at least some people are being reluctant to try new restaurants? To put it simple, people
are afraid of unpleasant surprise. So, knowing every dish your restaurant have, what they look like, how many people
like it, how much it is, without requiring them coming in to your restaurant and talk to your waiters, it will
dramatically reduce the possibility of an unpleasant surprise, and people are much likely to try out new restaurant,
like yours. 

Second, people are coming into a restaurant for the food, not the restaurant itself. If you think about that, it is only
natural for people to decide what food they want to eat first, and they pick the restaurant. Not the other way around
like what experience you had with Yelp!. And according to our research, people are 80% more likely to be attracted by
pictures than plain text. So with beautiful pictures and popularity indicator for each dish you have, it would only
dramatically help your restaurant attract more customers, just like Yelp! but way much better. The beauty of your food
is really a big advantage of your restaurant, you do not want to just give that up in terms of attracting potential
customers for no reason.    

Third, having pictures and popularity indicator would increase the table turnover rate of your restaurant in that most
likely your customers would already know what they want to order before they come in. It also increases the possibility
to order food they are more likely to like, which as return, means better review to your restaurant. 

Fourth, we provide an easy way for your customers to share what restaurant and dish they like to their friends via
social network, like facebook and twitter. Our survey indicates that people are trusting their friends’ recommendations
with much higher confidence than strangers. So, one better review from a single person would possibly bring all his
friends, and his friends’ friends in a simple yet efficient way! 

Fifth, we will provide wine pairing recommendations for your dishes under your will, to just help you sell more drinks.
So not only we are trying to bring in more customers into your restaurant, we can also help on the end of stimulating
each of your customer to spend more money.  

So, these are basically the advantages I want to point out particularly. They are definitely more. This amazing
advertising opportunity is absolutely free for your restaurant. Even better, you have a great chance to win a
professional food photography if you decide to join now, which usually costs a few thousand bucks! What we are doing is
that for the first 10 restaurants deciding to participate, the professional food photography will be absolutely free.
The next 10, 80 percent off, and then 60 percent off. So the sooner you decide to participate, the better discount you
will get. What is more, you can even choose which photographer you want to take pictures among all our candidates. To
just let you know, all our candidates are among the best food photographer in the city. Remember, the better quality the
picture are, the higher chance you will bring more customers in. 

We are definitely trying to minimize any cost on your side, so if you have any concerns, please just let me know.

